The Joe Rogan experience. Totally. Now,
another crazy thing about you that people might not know is that you're a
comedian.
<Laugh> yeah.
That's right. You're a standup comedian. Yeah, that's right.
Which is hilarious before, before, but the,
you for you to be a world champion kickboxer and a standup comedian,
that is a very unusual combin.
That's right. Because first, my first dream and that's still, still,
my dream today is to become an actor a imagine. And, uh, before,
before I started, uh, combat sport, yeah. I was doing standup. I was,
uh, I was in high school also. I was, uh, learning, um, uh,
convention stuff, uh, actor acting. Uh, I really, I really like it.
And then, uh,
come the compass sport and then I started to improve myself to become yeah.
More to fight, to fight, to fight. And then I, I stopped it a bit, uh,
yeah, stand up acting. But three months ago I was, uh,
I played in a small movie, short movie in France. Yeah. I play,
it's gonna, it's gonna go out in a few in a few, few.
Weeks. Now, when you do stand up in Paris,
are you working at comedy clubs? Like,
do they have comedy clubs in Paris? It's.
Not in Paris, uh, comedy club in voo. In Bordo in Bordeaux. Yeah. Yeah.
I was very young. I was, I still young <laugh> but I was yeah, 18, 19.
And so Bordeaux has comedy clubs. Yeah. Comedy club in French.
It's all obviously in French.
In French. Of course. Yeah. Not in English.
Right. Have you ever done comedy in English? Never.
Never. Oh, yes. One in the, I think you can find it in YouTube is,
uh, I was, um, <affirmative> I was teaching people how to cook, how to go.
I to cook a great chicken <laugh> yeah, I did. I did that, uh,
with glory. I was promoting my, my, my,
my second fight against ni kin and I was training in Belgium,
CE and I did, I did it with glory. You can find it on.
YouTube.
So is that something you would think of doing once you retire from fighting?
Yeah. That's.
I really want to do it. That's my first, my first, um, my first way.
That's what I really, really want to do from, yeah. In the top of my bottom of,
um, in the top of my heart. That's that's what I wanna become. Yeah.
Cause I read.
That you,
if you had to choose between being a famous comedian or a famous fighter,
you would choose to be a famous comedian. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Really? Yeah.
Really. But that's so crazy when you see how good you are fighting. Yeah.
You know, people, people doesn't believe me when I say that, but if,
if I didn't find a, uh,
if kickboxing didn't found me, because I think I didn't find,
I didn't found kickboxing, kickboxing front of me,
if kickboxing did never found me, I will follow my, my way in,
in comedy stuff. Yeah. <laugh> yeah, for sure.
And so now I'm good in kickboxing. So I just follow myself. Well.
You're better than good. Yeah. <laugh> thank you. Now, how did you become,
how did.
Tick boxing find you? You said it found you because I was, I was,
uh, 16, so 10 years ago I was 16 and uh,
I was playing soccer. I was playing soccer and uh, I wasn't that good. I was,
yeah. I just, I was just fast, you know, mm-hmm, <affirmative> fast.
And in front of the goal, I was falling <laugh> no, I wasn't that good.
You know? And um, one, one day my cousin just,
just call me and he say, Hey, in front of the house, in the neighborhood,
there is a gym, uh, boxing is there. Uh,
I thought, I thought, I thought I was boxing, like Muhammad Ali MC Tyson.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I said, yeah, if yes, but so what he said, yeah,
let's go try. It is gonna be, maybe it's gonna be funny. You know, I saw,
I saw people goes out from there. The they hard, how you,
how you call black guy. Yeah. Black guy. He says, it's going.
It should be funny. I say, okay, once we gonna do we gonna go there.
So after my, um, my soccer training,
I went there once I tried. And I,
I discovered that it was full contact with legs. With high kick,
middle kick was a little bit strange, but I just follow. I just trained,
getting better and better and just, I, I like it. And so.
Immediately, like.
You caught the bug. Yeah. Immediately after my first training,
I went there and you know that,
that you know that my mother was a gang that, uh,
she said, no, no, no, I don't want you to, to, to fight.
I don't want you to train, uh, boxing. I don't want any boxing in this house.
I was, I cry when, when she say that,
because I really like a full contact, combat spot. So I cried when I,
when she told me that and I was training, but she doesn't,
she doesn't know that she doesn't know that. No secret. Yeah. Secret was secret.
How old were you when you had your first fight? My first 17. 17.
So she didn't know. She didn't know? No. No.
So this was full contact or.
Full contact? Yeah. Okay. I did maybe three years full contact and then I,
I move.
Kickbox let's explain to people don't know full contact is no leg.
Kicks. Yeah. No full contact is no low kicks.
Low kicks. Yeah. Leg kicks. Yeah. That's what I kick the legs. Yeah.
Low kicks under middle kick. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. You guys say have different terminology cause it's call low kick in.
Yeah. We call it leg kicks. Leg kicks. Yeah. But low kicks is correct.
Low kicks is correct. So, uh, you just can't kick the legs,
which is interesting, cuz that's very effective and you're very good at that.
Yeah. That's a big.
Part of your game right now. Yeah. So, but I'm better in boxing.
So because I, with, with full contact mm-hmm <affirmative> is a little bit,
is a little bit similar than, than boxing.
The way you move mm-hmm <affirmative> the way you fight because no lock, kick,
no light kicks. Right. So yeah, it's a little bit similar as boxing. And uh,
when I was training food contact, I was watching a lot of Moham Ali,
a lot of movement. Yeah. A lot of movements. So I'm better in boxing.
When I fight kickboxing.
When did your mom find out?
After, after one year, after my first fight,
she was like, where, when, where was you? I said, no, I was, uh,
in the soccer training. And she said, why do you have gloves? I say, oh,
sometime I go to watch boxing. And she say, I told you,
I don't want you to watch. And to, to, to fight, I say, no, no, no, I don't.
I'm I know I'm not training. Just watching. She said, no, I don't want it.
And every day I just went to the, to, to train, to train, to train.
And uh, he doesn't see me with any, uh,
black eye or things like that. So one day she was very, very tired.
And I say, yeah, uh, mom, listen, I went to the,
the boxing training and she was like, okay. And then the,
I went to the boxing training. I was like, okay. I think,
because she didn't see me with any black eyes. I that's,
that's why she was scared first, I think. Right.
She didn't want you to get hurt. Yeah. And then she, she just accept the,
the thing because I make, um, in French recorded fasting, I just,
I just went to the training, like, I like it. So I do it. And today,
what do you call it? What do you.
Say in French? Forcing.
Forcing. Yeah. Forcing. Like we just, uh, we just go,
you don't care. You don't care. If someone to say, don't do that.
You just go like, it. Yeah. Like, it. <laugh> and uh, let me show you a video.
Okay. Of my mom. So it is very funny because time I,
I send her this video, I say, look at you. <laugh>
look at you. You, you didn't want me to, to fight first and now look at you.
And now she's very excited.
Yeah. Well, I mean, she must be happy that you're doing it now.
Now that you're a world champion. Yeah. She's she gets to watch.
You on television. Yeah. That's my motivation. My mom for me, that's be yeah,
for me, it's everything. If I come through, my story is, is, uh, is amazing.
My mom did everything for my sister and me.
Look at your mom. Oh, that's amazing. Yeah.
Wow. That's incredible, man.
Oh man. Yeah. Oh, that's amazing. That's amazing.
I know. She's like that and I that's gotta.
Be so crazy. Imagine if you're a mother, you give birth to a, a boy,
you give birth to a child. Yeah. And then you grow that child.
They raise that child and then you watch that child become a world champion.
Yeah. That must be for baby.
Yeah. Yeah. Your baby for people up.
<Laugh>.
And she's like, and when I, when I, sometime, when I talk with my mother, I say,
listen, I really, I do my best in the gym.
I train every day harder than harder to, um,
uh, to, to knock people out.
And I really hope that I will never get knockout cuz I don't want you to see,
to see me. Yeah. Fall down. You know, I don't, I don't want,
want her to feel this, this kind of emotion. Yeah. I just want her to be,
to be happy that I won. So you trained very hard. So that's never yeah, there.
It is. We're watching the video here. Yeah. That is an amazing video.
People look at youre.
Too. <laugh> look at your, and you know, the woman she's hugging,
she doesn't even know her. It's crazy. And.